Minutes of Meeting 5: Simon, Ifetayo, Mo
-----------------------------------------------
Date: 26th Feb 2015
Start: 13:10
End: 14:20

Next Meeting: 2nd Mar 15:00

Topics Discussed:
-- Discussion from Dr.Mora's course work feedback
—- Course work part 2 Specification and Design Document discussed 
—- Update on open issues and questions from last meeting
—- Feedback from Simon on meeting with Dr.Mora
—- Discussion of individual class diagrams (Identification of the objects)
—- Best way to go about the development of the project (web maybe?)
-- Chess engine is to be run local on each instance of the app
-- Simon has come up with a template for the team's documentation. No user documentation and security requirements, additional sections are to be added as appilicable
-- Unicode characters for the chess pieces can be used for documentation
-- Latex is to be used for all documentation purposes

Progress Since Last Meeting:
-- Ambiguities from the requirement documentation have been clarified
-- No IOS development is to be done

TODO:
-- Ifetayo is to design the class diagram and use cases
—- Simon is to draft the project requirements and design the state chart
—- Mo is to design the UML, Mock up, logo, convert the teams agreed document template to latex and document the state chart design from Simon
-- Movelist feature is to be of low priority
-- Persisting data is to be done however the member handling it decides
-- Doxygen generation of class diagram using Argo or doxygen is to be investigated by Mo


Questions for next meeting

What technology or appraoch is suitable for the project implementation
Other language possibilities

