Minutes of Meeting 9: Simon, Ifetayo, Mo
-----------------------------------------------
Date: 18th March 2015
Start: 10:00
End: 11:30

Next Meeting: Monday 23rd Mar 15:00

Topics Discussed:

—- Extensive discussion on class diagram. Walk through of game play. 
—- Better agreement on the necessary classes, some simplification.
—- Discussion on GUI, some progress,



Progress Since Last Meeting:
—- Report 2 submitted and marked, good overall result 
—- Meeting with Dr Mora on class structure, very constructive.

TODO:
-- Ifetayo is to redraw the Class diagram as per todays discussions
—- Simon to complete state diagram
—- Mo is to start on the UI
—- Simon start on chess engines
—- All to sign on to Team Server (again).
—- Team has concerns about deadline, can this be delayed? SH to speak to Dr Mora.


